In the whole last section we've learned how to manage files and specifically uploading files inside
your of applications.
So you were able to add a blog post with an image that was easily uploaded by selecting a file to upload
and then it created a new row inside the images table which contained a path to an image and a blog
post I.D..
So in this section what we will try to achieve and learn is to be able to also show our user profile
page which this user can also edit his own avatar by uploading our file.
So before we actually achieve that we obviously have to create logic for uploading this avatar of the
user.
But this is not our goal.
What we want to learn is how to create a relationship in light eloquent called polymorphic relationships.
Now we'll start with the simplest one.
So polymorphic 1 to 1 and to say that in simplest terms what is a poly for poly morphemes relationship.
It is a relationship where on one side you will have an image table but this table won't be only limited
to blog posts but instead you would be able to use the same table to store the images both for blog
posts and for the users.
So this won't have a blog post a day column anymore.
This would be something else.
So before we get to the actual polymorphic one to one relationship we have to quickly implement the
logic for showing a user profile and modifying the user profile which means adding an avatar.
So let's go ahead and see how quickly can we do it inside Lara.
Well at this point when we have learned all the basics required.